# CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

# INTERAGENCY AGREEMENT TASK ORDER CONTRACT 43A0310

## TASK ORDER #4, AMENDMENT #1

Consultant Agreement: 43A0310 Caltrans/Department of Toxic Substances

Control (DTSC); DTSC #12-T0106

Task Order Number: 43A0310-04, Amendment 1

Task Order Title: Caltrans Modesto Soil Stockpiles – State Route 132/99

DTSC Task Order Manager: Steven Becker

Caltrans Task Manager: Richard Stewart
Caltrans Contract Manager: Richard Bailey

Original Term of Task Order: June 7, 2013 through May 31, 2016

Amended Term: June 7, 2013 through May 31, 2018

Amendment Execution Date: LT 2015

Total Task Order Amount: \$158,183.00

Prior FY: \$ 64,183 FY 16/17: \$ 94,000.00

Charge District and EA/EFIS: 10-1012000205

Source District/Unit: 10/2547 Fed/State Split: 100%

Purpose and Need: District: 10 Number: 343 Approved: 06/05/13

## I. Task Order Purpose

Task Order No. 4, Amendment 1, under Interagency Agreement No. 43A0310, amends the existing Task Order for time and funding. The original Task Order and this amendment provides for the reimbursement of costs incurred by the DTSC for oversight, review, consultation, decision document approval, and/or processing applications(s) or request(s) made by Caltrans to mitigate impacts from the Caltrans Modesto Soil Stockpiles.

## II. Scope of Services

This amendment does not change the scope of services provision of the original Task Order.

## III. Invoices, Meetings, Electronic Submittal of Documents

This amendment does not change the invoices, meetings, electronic submittal of document provision of the original Task Order.

## IV. Period of Performance

The original task order was executed on June 7, 2013, with a termination date of May 31, 2016. This amendment extends the termination date until on May 31, 2018.

Caltrans/Department of Toxic Substances Control Caltrans Agreement No. 43A0310 DTSC Agreement No. 12-T0106 Task Order No. 4, Amendment 1 Page 2 of 3

### Task Schedule and/or Deliverable Due Dates

The Consultant shall conduct work under this Task Order in accordance with the previously approved schedule.

## VI. Cost

- A. This amendment is for time and funding only. DTSC will be paid in accordance with Agreement No. 43A0310 Exhibit B, Item 3 – Payment, the DTSC's Cost Proposal referenced as Attachment 1, "Estimated Cost Proposal" to Agreement No. 43A0310 which is incorporated by reference and the original task order.
- The total amount payable by the Caltrans under this Task Order shall not exceed \$158,183.00. The total payable may be increased by amendment if deemed necessary.

## VII. Project Personnel

This amendment is for and does not change the designated project personnel identified in the original Task Order.

## **VIII.** Conflict of Interest Certification

Caltrans personnel signing below certify that they have read, understand, and will comply with Deputy Directive DD-09-R3 and Government Code 19990, regarding incompatible activities and conflict of interest by State employees.

## IX. **Signatures**

I certify that this Task Order and attachments comply with the provisions of Agreement No. 43A0310, are necessary for the satisfactory completion of the products contracted for, and that sufficient funding has been encumbered to pay for this work.

I certify that I have read the "Description of Services" for this Agreement and in my expert opinion:

- 1. The work described in this Task Order is included in the required services, and
- 2. The work described in this Task Order is an architectural, landscape architectural, engineering, environmental, land surveying, or construction project management service, as defined in Government Code 4525 (d) through (f).

I certify that I have read the "Description of Services" for this Agreement and in my expert opinion the work described in this Task Order is included in the required services.

Richard Bailey, PG

Caltrans Contract Manager

Date:

Date: 5.24.16

Caltrans/Department of Toxic Substances Control
Caltrans Agreement No. 43A0310
DTSC Agreement No. 12-T0106
Task Order No. 4, Amendment 1
Page 3 of 3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Task Order No. 4, Amendment 1, has been executed under the provisions of the Agreement No. 43A0310 between the State of California, Department of Transportation and the State of California, Department of Toxic Substances Control. By signature below, the parties hereto agree that all terms and conditions of this Task Order and Agreement No. 43A0310 shall be in full force and effect.

State of California Department of Transportation

State of California
Department of Toxic Substances Control

David Ambuehl, P.E.

Chief Environmental Engineer

Division of Environmental Analysis

Paul Ruffin, Contract Manager

Brownfields and Environmental Restoration

Program

Date: 6/17/16 Date: 5/31/2016